There's a benefit to being in a city where you're a kid or an adult,
there's definitely a benefit.
The negative part is this depreciation of,
of value of life people,
there's so many people,
you don't think of them as being as important.
They're,
they're a hindrance as much as they are like a nice thing to see why there's so
many homeless people too.
And there's a homeless woman who basically stands on my corner and just begs for
change every day.
Um,
and my son was with me the other day and this woman,
she's like,
Hey,
do you have any money for a sandwich?
And a,
I was like,
no,
sorry I don't today.
And I keep on walking and I might not looked down at my son.
He's like,
that's really sad.
She doesn't have money for a sandwich.
And I'm like,
she has every fucking day,
James.
Everyday she has.
Okay,
I can't.
And I'd explain to him,
I was like,
well,
you know,
look,
I can't give her money every single day.
And I was like,
you know when I do have a dollar though,
I was like,
why don't we go back and give her a dollar?
And then it was like,
no,
I get it now.
I swear to God,
he stopped me from giving her the dollar.
Well,
if the world was just one,
there was only one person like that.
That was the only issue.
Just one lady.
Just need some help.
You'd be,
oh,
we'll just help her.
Yeah,
but when there's a million of them,
you're like,
why can't help it?
I just can't do this.
I gotta keep going.
I've got to concentrate on my own shit.
That's like,
that's a microcosm of what happens in the city.
If that lady was in a small town,
she would be the crazy beggar lady.
People would probably be like,
figure out a way to help her get her cans to something.
Some people.
The problem is,
is just like humans,
some humans when you give them that as an option,
just begging like these guys who do it.
And there was a whole San Fran when I lived in San Francisco,
there was a news report thing about this guy who was doing it for a living and
he was making a lot of money,
a lot of money.
Now he's just begging and he was essentially saying,
there's nothing wrong with it.
It's totally legal.
And uh,
I just make up stories and have people donate money to me.
And I think of it as like an occupation.
So he,
it was weird listening to them talk about it because he was telling this lady
who was the reporter lady who was telling her how she could do it too and you
know how he was doing it and how he shows people how to do it.
But he was making like a decent living,
like 100 bucks a day.
Yeah,
I'm sure.
I don't remember cause I was a kid,
but I remember listening like,
Oh this mother fucker,
he's just faking it.
I don't,
in a weird way,
I,
I appreciate the hustle.
I don't look,
I watched my mom on welfare.
I remember as a kid watching my mom collect a welfare check and,
and sit in the room,
smoke cigarettes and not work.
And I remember as a little kid being like,
that's not right.
I was like,
what are you doing?
Just work.
Do something else.
We could be in a better situation just from way too young having that thought.
Right.
Um,
but in a weird way,
I,
I appreciate the guys hustle.
He's figured out a way to thrive sorta.
It's not nothing to be proud of,
you know,
he shouldn't be bragging about it,
but at the same time,
like it's just a different system.
It's a different game if you disconnect from sort of like,
you know,
whatever,
we're,
you know,
he's con artist.
There's not never a good thing having someone who's lying to everybody all the
time.
I appreciate a good con artists.
I really do.
Yeah.
It's boring.
Just figure it out.
Stupid.
Stop lying apart.
They figuring out something different.
They're just finding the lemmings.
That's all they're doing.
They're finding lemmings.
They're finding people that don't know any better people that what's three chord
money?
Come on,
I'll show you.
Well,
that's sort of what they deal with.
Homeless Ladies doing theirs.
Now,
look,
I've been in New York City since 2001.
Um,
I've,
I'm so desensitized to homeless people that I,
there's no part of me that feels bad.
I just walk on Sar.
Can't keep on going.
But what happens is you get there,
they're looking for the person who moved there a week ago.
They're looking for the tourists.
They're looking for the person who looking for Nice people and they're,
they're there.
So it's sort of like that's,
but that's not the same thing.
Like that lady might just be crazy.
She's not a con artist.
Con Artists are people lying and pretending to listen to my car broke down.
Um,
my wife and kid haven't had anything to eat in 24 hours.
Really?
In a bad situation,
I would never do this.
But I just ask you if you could just give me $5 and the guy says,
yeah,
man,
sure.
I'm sorry.
Here's $5 next person.
Hey man,
um,
I need to go take this flight to see my mom.
She's dying of cancer.
That'll change it.
Usually they have the same stores sold and they'll change it all the time.
Well,
I had a guy do that to me in New York when I first moved there and I,
the guy,
he was wearing a suit,
young white guy wearing a suit.
He was like,
dude,
I missed my bus back home,
was here for a job interview.
Um,
you know,
I'm just trying to get money for a bus ticket back home.
And I was like,
God to hear a couple of bucks,
whatever.
And the next day and Union Square,
same fucking kids,
same suit,
same story because they learn it like a sales pitch.
So they know the beats of it,
they know exactly what to say.
You see it went on the subway.
When they get on the subway,
they have an actual script,
you know,
so it's like,
I don't mean the bad guy,
you know,
but my wife is blah,
blah,
blah blah.
And you see them every day going down the cart and it,
if you ever done a sales job,
a good sales script is pretty good.
You're just sort of fishing,
you're playing the numbers,
you're,
instead of sort of adding emotion to it and changing the story and doing all
these different things and putting too much thought into it,
you go,
I'm just going to run the script and close one out of 20 people that walk by.
Stupid.
Yeah.
No it's the only benefit is that you grow up around people that are full of Shit
and you learn how to spot people that are full of shit.
So it benefit.
Other than that,
it's just annoying.
I agree with you but I also can appreciate it.
I can,
I can appreciate a good hustler.
I appreciate there it goes out and gets a fucking job.
You don't just lie to people everywhere with some stupid story about how you
missed your bus down shit together.
Pussy stop mooching money from people.
That's gross.
What about as gross?
What about a guy who sells his CD on the street that's maybe a bit different
cause he's offering something.
He has his art.
Nobody had a CD player.
You do now have a CD player do we don't want up top.
I've got a refurbished laptop.
This guy in Columbus,
you're sorta reminded me,
I've completely forgot about him.
He was known as the wrapping bum,
but or help us on the way.
It's like 1520 years at Ohio state and this guy be on high street,
which is like the main strip.
And he had this,
all these rhymes.
He would constantly go to it and it always ended with help is on the way.
But I don't remember a lot of them,
but he always said help is on the way.
And it like,
it was like this punchline,
they help us on the way he had tee shirts made about them.
I think people,
someone actually recorded them at one point and like 2005 or six but you
remember when they found that homeless dude that had that crazy radio voice?
Yeah,
that was in Columbus to,
was it?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
It's not a job.
Right.
Went right back to the pipe.
Yeah.
He fucked it up.
Well you can't fix people,
man.
You can't fix him.
Like that voice was fire though.
It's a very good voice.
Great Voice Radio Voice.
You got a lot of gigs to move and he just wound up going right back to being a
homeless person.
Right.
This is going to sound very insensitive,
but most of the time it's not bad luck.
Right.
You know,
it's sort of the,
the decisions you make,
and I'm not saying that you can have a bad situation and you cannot,
you know,
there is bad luck in the sense that some people are born into,
affluent households and some people are born into poverty.
But this is him.
Yeah,
the same,
let's hear it.
Nothing but the best of all of these.
You're listening.
Just magic 98.9 thank you so much.
God bless you.
He was a radio guy.
Fell on,
right?
Yeah.
And then he fell on well,
and don't forget tomorrow morning is your chance to win a pair of tickets to see
this man live in concert.
I have a theory.
I think doing that for a living makes you fucking crazy.
That's what I think.
I think if you have that fake voice,
eventually you just snap.
You know,
I,
I can't do this anymore.
I can't talk like this.
I can't have this fake voice blow a fuse.